yeah everything is great like 99.9
of things are amazing and this
this little area
is not
there is nothing wrong with people
wondering like what does this mean for
you in your relationship
or even people feeling like this is an
example
of why polyamory doesn't work
there's so many things to say
i think and i'm sure that we won't
be able to say them all and i don't
really want to say them all
it's hot it's really hot in this car
just wanna like
[Music]
i think share
throughout our process because this is
something that
so many people go through in one way or
another
and we really never get to see that
process
and although it is
like the most vulnerable thing i could
imagine
sharing
i don't know what to call this because
we're not breaking up there's nothing to
break
and we're also just doing the same thing
we've
always done which is connecting with
each other
loving it out of each other more than
ever
loving each other more than ever and
really loving and supporting each other
unconditionally to the best of our
abilities
and doing the same for ourselves and
we've been doing so much this last six
years together and continually stepping
into the unknown in one way or another
and this is another manifestation of
that and it feels really big right now
and i think that for me it feels like
there's a lot of
lingering attachment to let go of how i
attach to you and
um fear fear about stepping into this
unknown place and like
what our relationship will look like
this is
[Music]
something that neither of us knew
exactly
without really unearthing all these
different things like attachment
and and finding more of ourselves and
finding more of our
of our deepest needs and wants and
desires without
trying to be something for the other
person
and yeah i think
you and i are so good together i [ __ ]
love our relationship
and i think you know we also want
slightly different things right now and
even though it's slightly different
things
it's affecting the entirety of our lives
i don't know we need to do something
different yeah
and i do want to be specific and also
like this is
that's kind of the point yeah this is
kind of where we're
at yeah man i feel like we have the
healthiest relationship of anyone i know
and also for me
i still put like these desires of what i
wanted
and like put you in my fantasies and
like wanted you
to be something or wanted to carry out
this dream life with you and we align on
so much of that dream life and one
specific thing that we don't align on
right the second
is where we're living and
specifically that we've spent a year
living all together with bridgette and
that's not something you want to do
right now
yeah there is nothing wrong with people
wondering like
what does this mean for you in your
relationship or
even people feeling like this is an
example
of why polyamory doesn't work this
is the best way for me to personally
navigate relationships which is to allow
it
to change and be really open to change
and that is what you are watching that
is what is unfolding
is something being allowed to change and
change is happening
but the last year and the last two years
really but the last year in particular
i've already been mourning
the change in our relationship and the
things that i
expected and wanted and
and i think it's perfect it's perfect
for me in this moment
and the benefits you know we have spoken
about in other videos but i'll just
say again that i've never been able to
be
closer with you than i am now and yeah
like me not wanting to live with your
partner right now doesn't mean
i don't want you to have another partner
or that i don't want you to live with
another partner it just means that like
i don't want to do that thing right now
and that's really okay for me to be
honest with myself about
and it's really okay for you to
do what's best for you and it's really
okay for us to support each other in our
differences
unless you add a whole bunch of
adjectives to clarify
the type of relationship you're
describing when people say
relationship we think of one person
relating to another and
naturally we then think of open
relationships and polyamory
in terms of just having more stars in
the constellation
problem is in practice that's not the
case at all
if you think about a workplace
you do have relationships within your
workplace that consist of one person
relating to another but sometimes
you have relationships to a room
a department a table
an abstract idea of a decision-making
authority
that may involve five or six people or
may involve
50 or 60 right your relationship with
the board of directors is not
the same as your relationship with any
particular person on the board of
directors who may have
lunch with you right in this strange way
we relate both to people and
abstractions
and with time our relationships with
people
become poisoned by our preconceptions
about them
created by those abstractions what i see
as the primary problem
that brittany and conor have been
dealing with these many years
is that they don't relate to each other
they relate to an abstract idea
of what their relationship ought to be
for them this is very much an ideology
it's an ideology they
preach and present on youtube and i've
no problem with that
anyone can come out and put out their
shingle and start charging money for
relationship advice on youtube that
don't begrudge them
you know their uh their business model
right
but they come to believe in that ideal
of what their relationship ought to be
then with time
instead of just relating to the other
person or instead of relating to the
other people
because they have other lovers at any
given time on the one-on-one basis
they're always relating to this
abstraction which is much more
present in the room than the average
religion
right we all know some pious sinners
who you know can then condemn themselves
to hell
every friday and saturday and go and get
saved and purified
on sunday you know it might be just one
day of the week or it might just be a
few hours out of the week that are set
aside for religion for even the most
pious
among us right but this couple
they are beholden to the ideal of their
own love
and what it ought to be at all times and
they measure themselves
against that ideal in the same way that
the
pious christian or pious jew can never
be pious enough
to live up to the ideals set down in the
bible or sit down for them by their own
grandparents or what have you
they're beholden to and always
reaching for this perfect sense
of what their relationship ought to be
and
you know they also relate to this ideal
as a money-making venture now
you could imagine a couple who just open
a corner store
a little shop that sells chocolate bars
and bags of potato chips
to some extent they relate to each other
as individuals
as lovers as two people who've fallen in
love
and to some extent they relate to each
other
through this ideal of what the business
venture is supposed to be
and what part in it each of them desires
or assumes the other is going to play
if the other person ever lets you down
hey when we open this shop
this is how i imagined you'd be contr i
imagine you'd be waking up before me
and mopping the floor because i'm the
one who does the accounting
you know like i felt that because i do
the numbers in the books that you would
spend more time walking mopping the
floor and now you're letting me down
or you're hiring another person to mop
the floor instead of you and i felt that
was your
life is full of those kinds of minor
conflicts and
scraped knees especially when you have a
business venture
but for conor and brittany right
their ideology is their money-making
venture right and their ideology is
this fetishized notion of what their
relationship
is supposed to be so to what extent
to what extent do i relate to you just
as you
just man to man person to person
however you want to say it and to what
extent do i relate to you
because you're the head of the sales
department all right because of your
role
assigned that abstraction to what extent
i mean i used to go
for lunch with my professors and you
could almost kind of feel the dial
click you know when they stopped being
my teacher and just started being my
friend or do
you know again sometimes i was only 10
years younger than these people
they weren't so much older than me and
they were had similar
interests and similar frustrations you
can even feel that when they switched
from
you know pretending to kind of be aloof
from the problems the university they're
complaining the exact same way students
do about everything that's wrong about
the university
you could almost feel you know one mask
come off and perhaps another mass goes
on
you know at the same time um
abstract notions about your relationship
can become an obstacle to just relating
person to person and the problem with
polyamory
the problem with open relationships is
that the more people
you bring in the greater and greater is
this hazard
that you're no longer relating to people
on that one-to-one basis
but you're relating frankly to the board
of directors
you're relating to people in terms of
the role they play
in one venture or another even if that
venture just
is this abstract ossified notion you've
got
about what your polyamorous relationship
is supposed to be
my sling is editorial explicit material
briefcase show live and stereo flow fill
me